Cuddle up a little closer, lovey mine
Cuddle up and be my little clinging vine
Like to feel your cheeks so rosy
Like to make you comfy, cozy
'Cause I love from head to toes-y
Lovey mine
(Cuddle up a little closer, lovey mine)
(Oh, won't you cuddle up and be my little clinging vine)
Oh, I like to feel your cheeks so rosy
Like to make you comfy, cozy
'Cause I love from head to toes-y
Lovey mine
(Honey, won't you cuddle up)
Cuddle up a little closer, lovey mine
(Oh, won't you cuddle up)
Cuddle up and be my little clinging vine
Like to feel your cheeks so rosy
Like to make you comfy, cozy
'Cause I love from head to toes-y
Lovey mine
Won't you cuddle up, lovey mine?